Add May community FAQs (#3641)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync.md

## FAQs

### How to disable extension sync?

> When using an online editor like Gitpod, you might want to disable extension sync to prevent certain extensions from being installed in every workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a Cloud Development Environment like Gitpod, you might want to disable extension sync to prevent certain extensions from being installed in every workspace.
```

To achieve this, you should disable syncing the specific extensions that are not meant to be auto-installed in all of your workspaces. You can do this by following the steps provided in this [screenshot](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1115681868654850108/1116443879550484531/Screenshot_2023-06-09_at_1.06.23_AM.png).

For project/repository-specific Visual Studio Code extensions, it's recommended to specify them through the `.gitpod.yml` configuration file. This approach will allow you to avoid issues with extensions getting synced in your personal settings.

Here are some helpful links:

- [Installing an extension - Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode-extensions#installing-an-extension)
- [Gitpod Discord server discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816244985187008514/1115681868654850108)

> Remember to use code blocks for representing bash commands or code, like this example:
> 
> ```bash
> echo "Hello, World!"
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

What does this signify here?

Reviewer 2: AI 🤣

## FAQs

> ## FAQ
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## FAQ
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQ
```

### How to disable extension sync?

When using an online editor like Gitpod, you might want to disable extension sync to prevent certain extensions from being installed in every workspace.

To achieve this, you should disable syncing the specific extensions that are not meant to be auto-installed in all of your workspaces. You can do this by following the steps provided in this [screenshot](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1115681868654850108/1116443879550484531/Screenshot_2023-06-09_at_1.06.23_AM.png).

For project/repository-specific Visual Studio Code extensions, it's recommended to specify them through the `.gitpod.yml` configuration file. This approach will allow you to avoid issues with extensions getting synced in your personal settings.

Here are some helpful links:

- [Installing an extension - Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode-extensions#installing-an-extension)
- [Gitpod Discord server discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816244985187008514/1115681868654850108)

Remember to use code blocks for representing bash commands or code, like this example:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
